#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-simple-history
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   referencing
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-celery-results
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
confluent-kafka==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield
    #   jsonfield2
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==24.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==4.4.0
    # via
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-simple-history==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-braze-client==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-celeryutils==1.2.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-utils==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-rbac
edx-enterprise-subsidy-client==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rbac==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-enterprise-subsidy-client
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-events
idna==3.6
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via edx-celeryutils
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.3.5
    # via celery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
newrelic==9.7.1
    # via edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
openedx-events==9.5.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
packaging==24.0
    # via drf-yasg
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
ply==3.11
    # via djangoql
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   celery
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
redis==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.3
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-resources
