#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-simple-history
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   referencing
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
celery==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
confluent-kafka==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield
    #   jsonfield2
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==24.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-rbac
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
docutils==0.20.1
    # via readme-renderer
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-braze-client==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.2.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-enterprise-subsidy-client==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rbac==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-enterprise-subsidy-client
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==24.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   keyring
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   keyring
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jaraco-classes==3.3.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==4.3.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.0
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
keyring==25.0.0
    # via twine
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.17
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-events==9.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via twine
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangoql
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   celery
    #   faker
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
redis==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.7.1
    # via twine
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.14.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
twine==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
    #   rich
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   twine
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
